Are you sure you want me to go back?
What about Xia Yunchu?
If I remember correctly, he was also pregnant
This is your home.
You're not going home? Where are you going?
Young Master Lu, do you want to sit back and enjoy the blessings of others?
Don't make me angry
cautious
How did you bring him back too?
Wenyan is weak
It is more convenient to live at home
There is a baby mother to take care of
But he is the murderer who hurt grandma
How can you let a murderer show up in your house?
home
I still have no money to suspect divorce
Who is it?
I'm afraid it's Miss Xia who lives in this house
I forget who the owner is
I live in this house
Is carefully allowed
Not to mention
I am now pregnant with the only bloodline of the Lu family
I have it too
You are also pregnant
cautious
I haven't been pregnant for so long
Now suddenly there is
You have to be careful
Maybe he's lying to you.
Can you call and shut up?
Who knows if you have a good relationship with hospital traditions?
You're a murderer who can even kill grandma
What else can't be done?
I will withdraw from grandma's business
Wait until there is evidence
Lu Jingshan
What do you mean now?
Are you kicking me out?
OK
I destroyed your relationship between husband and wife
I'll go, okay?
I'm the bad guy.
Don't want me to go or he will go
You can choose.
I said I don't need you to be responsible